git Overleaf: https://git.overleaf.com/12176767yvqnswkjrrkd
git GitHub: https://github.com/ba29534/chira2018.git


*** Sect. 1:

MM: I don't really understand these cites to Tan & Miyamoto. Usually I contrast large scale support with small-scale compressive promotion of collapse.
RC: I'm not sure whether I got the point of yours. I guess you mean: Gravitational contraction is supposed to be a small-scale effect that mainly  works on the structures within the MCs while the MCs themselves stay rather unaffected. This shall be in contrast to large-scale flows that injects energy into the system at scales of the entire; whereby the energy cascades down the scales and supports the small-scales where gravity is acting. Right?
If so, I always understood that the literature sketch the scene the other way around: gravity acts globally and on all scales while turbulence acts either locally (mostly stabilising) or globally (mostly destructive or catalysingly); and that's what I tried to express in the prior sentences.


*** Sect. 3.1:

"The location of the minimum coincides with the equivalent radius of the cloud, the radius a cloud of given mass would have if it would be a sphere."
MM: This is a pretty big claim to make based on one example. Can you make a plot showing the minimum location vs the equivalent radius for all three clouds for several times?  Otherwise, I'd consider cutting it.
RC: Well, these were observations I've done by comparing Juan's radius plots with the positions of the minima by eye. So, you're right. We should cut this out as long as we don't investigate this in detail.

"Especially the power at small scales ($\ell \lesssim$ few parsecs) is highly amplified as a result of the shock, while it also reduces the equivalent radius of the cloud."
MM: is that first minimum the thickness of the post-shock region, or the equivalent radius of the cloud?  I'd bet that it's the former.
RC: Yeah, the minimum still represents the equ. radius from my point-of-view. However, my feeling is that the peak on the smaller-scale edge of the minimum represent the scale at which most of the incoming energy experiences the transition from freely-floating to cascading. Of course, this intuition requires a proper analysis, in the same way as my oracle about the equ. radius. I, though, have neither the time nor the motivation to do it. Yet, it would be a very nice project for a summer or Bachelor's student, don't you think? ;)


*** Sect 3.6:

MM: But this seems to contradict Fig1 that shows shallower slopes after impact by SNe.
RC: No, it doesn't ;). You have to consider what the evolutionary state of the cloud is before the SN hits it. If you want to draw conclusions from Fig. 1 you need to compare Figs. 1b and 1c, with the latter being the actual state of rest. Thus, when the blast waves start to inject the energy into the cloud, its outer layers are excited first, resulting in *steeper*, not shallower scalings. 
The only exception here is the SN that explodes close to M8. In this scenario, the cloud's state is similar to Fig. 1a. When the SN shock arrives the cloud, it accelerates the global collapse of the cloud, shifting a lot of kinetic energy to smaller scales. This causes a temporarily shallower scaling of the VSF before the cloud relaxes again. 

*** Sect. 4.6 Point 2:

MM: I'm not sure that I understand this point: don't strong winds also produce shocks?
RC: I'd say yes, as also subsonic winds may be strong; and that's what I actually mean here. Yet, I see that the term "strong" is open for interpretation and that the text should be rephrased. 



*** Sect. 4.6 Point 3:

MM: I don't understand this point at all.  If you think it is worth keeping, please explain it in more detail for an observationally naive audience (eg me). I have replaced it with thoughts on the optical depth.
RC: Yes, that's basically the direction I wanted to go. But it's not only optical depth, but also astrochemistry I am concerned about. As we all there is no molecule that is observable as optically thin tracer at all temperatures and densities. Thus, performing a study like ours observationally and using only one tracer (like CO) automatically limits you to a very specific subregion of the cloud and range of lag distances. Thus, one needs a multi-tracer study, that are more expensive and may suffer from other problems (e.g., different freeze-out behaviours, or line blending = overlapping emission lines in extreme cases). 
I'll try to formulate that more elaborately in the next version.


*** Sect 4.6, last paragraph:

"Besides this, we suggest that observational data are re-examined in order to broaden the number of references and scenarios. "
MM: Not sure what this means.
RC: I mean that I don't think that we don't necessarily need new observations, in a first step. I'm sure that there are plenty of archived data whose quality is good enough to be considered for such a study. Thus, I'd like to recommend that one should first analyse old data, before applying for new ones; yet I know that the business doesn't work like this and that almost nobody would follow my recommendation.




